Add magnifier widget options sample example using view.xml (#4358)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_gallery_mg.md

* `outside`
* `inside`

## Configure magnifier options in `view.xml`

> Magnifier options can be set in the `view.xml` configuration file of a theme. The file is conventionally located in `<theme_dir>/etc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magnifier options can be set in the `view.xml` configuration file of a theme. The file is conventionally located in the `<theme_dir>/etc/` directory.
```

The general magnifier options are set as follows:

```xml
<var name="magnifier">
    <var name="%magnifier_option1%">%option1_value%</var>
    <var name="%magnifier_option2%">%option2_value%</var>
...
</var>
```

> For an example of setting the gallery option, see the [view.xml]({{ site.mage2000url }}app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/etc/view.xml#L225) file in the Blank theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of setting the gallery option, see the [view.xml]({{ site.mage2100url }}app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/etc/view.xml#L225) file in the Blank theme.
```

> For illustration of setting gallery option in `view.xml`, you can reference to the [view.xml of the Blank theme]({{ site.mage2000url }}app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/etc/view.xml#L225).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of setting the gallery option, see the [view.xml]({{ site.mage2000url }}app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/etc/view.xml#L225) file in the Blank theme.
```
